Update response-helpers.md (#42378)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-routes/response-helpers.md

}
```

> > Note: You cannot type the body of `NextApiRequest` by design. You should run the input through a schema validator to generate a typed object for consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The body of `NextApiRequest` is any because the client may include any payload. You should validate the type/shape of the body at runtime before using it. 
```

> > Note: The body of `NextApiRequest` is `any` because the client may include any payload. You should validate the type/shape of the body at runtime before using it.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't really tell me _what_ to do though. Should there be an example?
